[Music]
everything in here
was stolen and they put me in charge of
finding out who took it
and who sold it to the nazis
this was just found in goring's hidden
collection
it's a familiar i'm captain joseph
pillar of the airline provisional
government
during the war what did you do tried to
survive like everybody else
sold to rice marshall hermann for more
than 1.5 million
gilders i need to know where this for me
came from
everyone likes han he's the life of the
party what germans attended his party
i never said they did he went to one of
his parties
i went to a lot of parties joe and you
left collaboration with the enemy
it's a council offense they're shooting
people in the streets
this is your chance at redemption and
yet i am sensing that perhaps it is you
who needs redemption
ministry of justice i've heard you snack
the big fish
we'll take it from here come on
this guy is an honorary nazi so let him
swing with the rest of them
i am an artist not a nazi spot
did he offer you some money how much
does it cost
to buy joe pelt
[Music]
why'd you care so much about this man
it's not the man really
it's the fact that he's innocent
[Music]
you